---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rancher2_pod_security_policy_template Data Source - terraform-provider-rancher2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rancher2_pod_security_policy_template (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Pod Security Policy template policy name

### Optional

- **allow_privilege_escalation** (Boolean) allowPrivilegeEscalation determines if a pod can request to allow privilege escalation. If unspecified, defaults to true.
- **allowed_capabilities** (List of String) allowedCapabilities is a list of capabilities that can be requested to add to the container. Capabilities in this field may be added at the pod author's discretion. You must not list a capability in both allowedCapabilities and requiredDropCapabilities.
- **allowed_csi_driver** (Block List) AllowedCSIDrivers is a whitelist of inline CSI drivers that must be explicitly set to be embedded within a pod spec. An empty value indicates that any CSI driver can be used for inline ephemeral volumes. This is an alpha field, and is only honored if the API server enables the CSIInlineVolume feature gate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allowed_csi_driver))
- **allowed_flex_volume** (Block List) allowedFlexVolumes is a whitelist of allowed Flexvolumes.  Empty or nil indicates that all Flexvolumes may be used.  This parameter is effective only when the usage of the Flexvolumes is allowed in the "volumes" field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allowed_flex_volume))
- **allowed_host_path** (Block List) allowedHostPaths is a white list of allowed host paths. Empty indicates that all host paths may be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allowed_host_path))
- **allowed_proc_mount_types** (List of String) AllowedProcMountTypes is a whitelist of allowed ProcMountTypes. Empty or nil indicates that only the DefaultProcMountType may be used. This requires the ProcMountType feature flag to be enabled.
- **allowed_unsafe_sysctls** (List of String) allowedUnsafeSysctls is a list of explicitly allowed unsafe sysctls, defaults to none. Each entry is either a plain sysctl name or ends in "*" in which case it is considered as a prefix of allowed sysctls. Single * means all unsafe sysctls are allowed. Kubelet has to whitelist all allowed unsafe sysctls explicitly to avoid rejection.
- **annotations** (Map of String) Annotations of the resource
- **default_add_capabilities** (List of String) defaultAddCapabilities is the default set of capabilities that will be added to the container unless the pod spec specifically drops the capability.  You may not list a capability in both defaultAddCapabilities and requiredDropCapabilities. Capabilities added here are implicitly allowed, and need not be included in the allowedCapabilities list.
- **default_allow_privilege_escalation** (Boolean) defaultAllowPrivilegeEscalation controls the default setting for whether a process can gain more privileges than its parent process.
- **description** (String) Pod Security Policy template policy description
- **forbidden_sysctls** (List of String) forbiddenSysctls is a list of explicitly forbidden sysctls, defaults to none. Each entry is either a plain sysctl name or ends in "*" in which case it is considered as a prefix of forbidden sysctls. Single * means all sysctls are forbidden.
- **fs_group** (Block List, Max: 1) fsGroup is the strategy that will dictate what fs group is used by the SecurityContext. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--fs_group))
- **host_ipc** (Boolean) hostIPC determines if the policy allows the use of HostIPC in the pod spec.
- **host_network** (Boolean) hostNetwork determines if the policy allows the use of HostNetwork in the pod spec.
- **host_pid** (Boolean) hostPID determines if the policy allows the use of HostPID in the pod spec.
- **host_port** (Block List) hostPorts determines which host port ranges are allowed to be exposed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--host_port))
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **labels** (Map of String) Labels of the resource
- **privileged** (Boolean) privileged determines if a pod can request to be run as privileged.
- **read_only_root_filesystem** (Boolean) readOnlyRootFilesystem when set to true will force containers to run with a read only root file system.  If the container specifically requests to run with a non-read only root file system the PSP should deny the pod. If set to false the container may run with a read only root file system if it wishes but it will not be forced to.
- **required_drop_capabilities** (List of String) requiredDropCapabilities are the capabilities that will be dropped from the container.  These are required to be dropped and cannot be added.
- **run_as_group** (Block List, Max: 1) RunAsGroup is the strategy that will dictate the allowable RunAsGroup values that may be set. If this field is omitted, the pod's RunAsGroup can take any value. This field requires the RunAsGroup feature gate to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--run_as_group))
- **run_as_user** (Block List, Max: 1) runAsUser is the strategy that will dictate the allowable RunAsUser values that may be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--run_as_user))
- **runtime_class** (Block List, Max: 1) runtimeClass is the strategy that will dictate the allowable RuntimeClasses for a pod. If this field is omitted, the pod's runtimeClassName field is unrestricted. Enforcement of this field depends on the RuntimeClass feature gate being enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runtime_class))
- **se_linux** (Block List, Max: 1) seLinux is the strategy that will dictate the allowable labels that may be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--se_linux))
- **supplemental_group** (Block List, Max: 1) supplementalGroups is the strategy that will dictate what supplemental groups are used by the SecurityContext. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--supplemental_group))
- **volumes** (List of String) volumes is a white list of allowed volume plugins. Empty indicates that no volumes may be used. To allow all volumes you may use '*'

<a id="nestedblock--allowed_csi_driver"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_csi_driver`

Required:

- **name** (String) Name is the registered name of the CSI driver


<a id="nestedblock--allowed_flex_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_flex_volume`

Required:

- **driver** (String) driver is the name of the Flexvolume driver.


<a id="nestedblock--allowed_host_path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_host_path`

Required:

- **path_prefix** (String) pathPrefix is the path prefix that the host volume must match. It does not support `*`. Trailing slashes are trimmed when validating the path prefix with a host path.

Optional:

- **read_only** (Boolean) when set to true, will allow host volumes matching the pathPrefix only if all volume mounts are readOnly.


<a id="nestedblock--fs_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fs_group`

Optional:

- **range** (Block List) ranges are the allowed ranges of fs groups.  If you would like to force a single fs group then supply a single range with the same start and end. Required for MustRunAs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--fs_group--range))
- **rule** (String) rule is the strategy that will dictate what FSGroup is used in the SecurityContext.

<a id="nestedblock--fs_group--range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fs_group.range`

Required:

- **max** (Number) max is the end of the range, inclusive.
- **min** (Number) min is the start of the range, inclusive.



<a id="nestedblock--host_port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host_port`

Required:

- **max** (Number) max is the end of the range, inclusive.
- **min** (Number) min is the start of the range, inclusive.


<a id="nestedblock--run_as_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `run_as_group`

Required:

- **rule** (String) rule is the strategy that will dictate the allowable RunAsGroup values that may be set.

Optional:

- **range** (Block List) ranges are the allowed ranges of gids that may be used. If you would like to force a single gid then supply a single range with the same start and end. Required for MustRunAs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--run_as_group--range))

<a id="nestedblock--run_as_group--range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `run_as_group.range`

Required:

- **max** (Number) max is the end of the range, inclusive.
- **min** (Number) min is the start of the range, inclusive.



<a id="nestedblock--run_as_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `run_as_user`

Required:

- **rule** (String) rule is the strategy that will dictate the allowable RunAsUser values that may be set.

Optional:

- **range** (Block List) ranges are the allowed ranges of uids that may be used. If you would like to force a single uid then supply a single range with the same start and end. Required for MustRunAs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--run_as_user--range))

<a id="nestedblock--run_as_user--range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `run_as_user.range`

Required:

- **max** (Number) max is the end of the range, inclusive.
- **min** (Number) min is the start of the range, inclusive.



<a id="nestedblock--runtime_class"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_class`

Required:

- **allowed_runtime_class_names** (List of String) allowedRuntimeClassNames is a whitelist of RuntimeClass names that may be specified on a pod. A value of "*" means that any RuntimeClass name is allowed, and must be the only item in the list. An empty list requires the RuntimeClassName field to be unset.

Optional:

- **default_runtime_class_name** (String) defaultRuntimeClassName is the default RuntimeClassName to set on the pod. The default MUST be allowed by the allowedRuntimeClassNames list. A value of nil does not mutate the Pod.


<a id="nestedblock--se_linux"></a>
### Nested Schema for `se_linux`

Required:

- **rule** (String) rule is the strategy that will dictate the allowable labels that may be set.

Optional:

- **se_linux_option** (Block List, Max: 1) seLinuxOptions required to run as; required for MustRunAs. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--se_linux--se_linux_option))

<a id="nestedblock--se_linux--se_linux_option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `se_linux.se_linux_option`

Optional:

- **level** (String) Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container.
- **role** (String) Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container.
- **type** (String) Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container.
- **user** (String) User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container.



<a id="nestedblock--supplemental_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `supplemental_group`

Optional:

- **range** (Block List) ranges are the allowed ranges of supplemental groups.  If you would like to force a single supplemental group then supply a single range with the same start and end. Required for MustRunAs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--supplemental_group--range))
- **rule** (String) rule is the strategy that will dictate what supplemental groups is used in the SecurityContext.

<a id="nestedblock--supplemental_group--range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `supplemental_group.range`

Required:

- **max** (Number) max is the end of the range, inclusive.
- **min** (Number) min is the start of the range, inclusive.


